Add's troubleshooting guide in wiki (#55)
rtCamp/ps-analysis-tool-wiki: Troubleshooting-Guide.md

## Reasons for Extension Breakdowns

<img width="1200" alt="PSAT Troubleshooting guide example errors" src="images/troubleshooting-guide/psat_v1.0.0_troubleshooting_guide_error_30_06_2025.png">

Users are essential partners in identifying these elusive bugs. As you use the PSAT extension in your specific development workflows, you may encounter edge cases and scenarios that were not anticipated during its creation. Your real-world usage provides the most effective test for the extension's robustness.

### Idle Chrome Tabs and Service Worker Termination

To ensure smooth performance and prevent excessive memory or CPU consumption, Chrome actively manages system resources. 

This includes identifying and terminating processes in tabs that are not being actively used. Service workers, which are essential for background tasks and offline capabilities, can be resource-intensive if left running indefinitely.

To optimize resource usage, Chrome will terminate service workers that have been idle for a certain period. If a service worker hasn't been actively handling events or tasks, Chrome reclaims the resources it was using.

**How This Impacts the PSAT Extension:**

> The PSAT extension relies on its service worker for core functionality (such as data processing or background synchronization), Chrome's termination of an idle service worker can disrupt the extension's operations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PSAT extension relies on its service worker for core functionality, such as data processing or background synchronization. If Chrome terminates an idle service worker, it can disrupt the extension's operations.
```

This disruption can manifest as:

 - The extension becoming unresponsive.
 - Loss of data or settings.
 - Features of the extension ceasing to work.
 - Error messages or crashes within the extension.

> In essence, a conflict can arise between Chrome's resource management for idle tabs and the operational requirements of the PSAT extension's service worker. If the extension needs its service worker to remain active even when the associated tab is idle, Chrome's default behavior can lead to instability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In essence, a conflict can arise between Chrome's resource management for idle tabs and the operational requirements of the PSAT extension's service worker. If the extension requires its service worker to remain active even when the associated tab is idle, Chrome's default behavior of terminating idle service workers can cause interruptions or instability in the extension's functionality.
```
